Now let's look at the original formula.
So, let's scroll back up a little bit.
The original formula, we're looking at this part of the original formula as
factorial times quantity M minus S minus one factorial,
divided by M factorial.
So, we're putting together all that we've seen to create this formula.
To use the notation of the original formula,
note that we're going to replace Q with M minus S minus one.
So, that's saying, remember these absolute values are saying the size of those sets.
So, the size of set M,
the number of total features minus the number of features in set S minus one,
because we have that feature for which we're trying to calculate the Shapley value,
and that gives us the size of set Q.
To make this clear for yourself,
you can just look at some of these examples.
For example, the size of set S is two,
the size of set M is three because there's three total features.
Three minus two minus one,
because we have this feature too,
gives us zero which is the size of the set Q.
Recall that to calculate that there are six total sequences,
we can use M factorial,
which is three factorial which is six in this example.
So, we're going to divide this expression,
S factorial times M minus S minus one factorial.
We're going to divide that by M factorial to
get the proportion assigned to each marginal contribution.
So, this is the weight that will be applied to each of those marginal contributions.
Remember when I say marginal contribution,
I'm just saying how does the model do with
feature i compared to how does the model do without feature i.
So, that's the marginal contribution.
So, that's how we get this formula here.
Think of this as just a way to say
this particular marginal contribution may occur more often than others,
so we want to give it more weight in that case.
For example, sometimes it occurs twice,
sometimes it only occurs once for instance.
So, we want to do this for each set,
which is a subset of M excluding i.
So, we can sum up the weighted marginal contributions for all sets S,
and this represents the importance of feature i.
So, you'll get to practice this in the code coming up. Thanks for watching.